hello it is another week it is the week
before exams and I'm just like today I'm
in that mood where I'm like I mean
business I'm gonna get stuff done I have
been revising morning this afternoon
[Music]
because I'm bored I need to write a few
essays this evening and I've got get off
early tomorrow morning because I've got
running outing I think I might make it
the last one the freaked out I was
because gotta focus look at that sleep
[Music]
good morning
so I am just about to do a maths paper
exciting times it is what's day today
it's Friday morning I had a rowing
outing this morning it was great it has
got me up I am now sat on my desk I have
got my paper at the ready yes it's
squared something out of line paper that
is what my life has come to
but my parents are coming tomorrow so
I'm like can you just bring some with
you to save me from going to the shops
because I don't have time I don't see ya
I'm gonna do math paper this morning
then I've got a physics supervision and
then I've got to my last math
supervision I'm just going to be
prepared so I can like ask any final
questions I might have to my supervisors
so yeah it's three hours long so wish me
luck
I hate concentrating for that amount of
time but I've got to be like really
ready for it because I'm gonna have to
do that like my exams
they're all so long you all fool like I
lose cause I get bored during the exam I
feel what's gonna have a negative impact
on my grade not gonna lie now I'm good
stop rambling I'm actually on with this
paper
[Music]
and this was my last time in Selwyn
College for my math supervision there's
a blog clip from the first week or I
came here for the very first time and
that's such a hurry back it is so humid
today that you would nobody I'm boiling
gone from cycling here he told my hairs
all frizzy like it doesn't look it's not
even sunny outside
don't disturb these stairs never fail to
kill me out of breath every time I get
ok takes me a good five minutes to
recover what does that say about my
fitness levels sorry
I also competed here's my work we didn't
actually set up a scoring system so it's
all the bit open as to who actually won
but it was it was good one Tim meanwhile
decides to do the rest of us it was the
best question what's he doing here on
the staircase with us ok so
visit me today and we have come for
brunch out of college which is very nice
mr. brunch not that paying parents
coming I got to buy my food
[Music]
hello aside in the laundry room and look
who's joined me for the laundry segment
my parents have been helping me carry my
stuff down to the laundry room it's
great
we're just because on my washing on
nothing we're going to go for a walk I'm
going to show them the boathouse because
it'd be interesting oh my god the camera
is literally missed it you can see how
steamy isn't it you know it's very
healthy to have them with me actually
yeah they can see I'm stress of exams
and like that was help so it's just done
a bit of teamwork I just hacked this
machine here
my dad just loaded up just about to push
it
I know it says 25 minutes but actually
takes 45 it changes my parents are
finally realizing how much of a sauna is
in the large agreement say any about it
thoughts so now they understand what
I've been going on about and fast
laundry sentence okay so we're in the
boathouse I'm just showing my parents
around this boat here is the one I've
been using for most outings recently is
a fork that's only been four of us
available called the Joe freezer this
big great thing great tip over the Quran
oh yes over here is where we get blades
and you have to fix these to the bow
each shouting Jesus colors red and black
on the bottom every college has their
own blades what do you think guys I mean
Jesus is quite a rich Boat Club we have
quite a lot of stuff I'm going to show
you the one I use the eight I use last
term I usually cooks the fourth men's
boat and forth I'll be doing the past
two times have been nice so I think
unless it's been moved okay I think it's
this one I can't see the name but it's
very exciting this is the new boat but
the first the top boat are using it's
called Ian white after the Jesus College
master very fancy look such tourists my
parents loved it and here is all the
cops go this is my cuts box of choice
it's for the lower boat so I use it
forever for turns on and off horse has
gold charged and it gives you the right
the boats going out and it also
amplifies your voice you plug one of
these microphone things that go around
your head onto earth and of course for
safety courses always use my lifejacket
oils have to help myself one of those
here's a recordable boost assigned to
each cues or people have put like
there's issues with the boats here so
that they can be fixed
[Music]
and this is what you look up
we usually wait here before afternoon as
you can see this
it's very busy and here we have the
kitchen
hot chocolate stuff here just a kitchen
decoration on the wall there very nice
and here we have the locker room where
you dump your stuff for four outings I
don't usually bring much with me as a
Cox I don't don't need much with me at
all I suppose the rowers bring water and
layers and whatnot but me not much is
needed
this is where you know
the UH groom the herbs of the rowing
machines
this is where Cruz will always Walmart
before announcing and this is where I
shelter people mostly it's great lots of
mirrors so you could check how you doing
I've also I've mean I've done a little
bit of urging I'm growing last time I
tried out there and the mirrors are very
handy to see what your techniques
looking like mine looks are pooling I
have you know but uh yeah they also have
a couple of exercise bikes yeah so we're
just heading back to college to check my
washing I should probably get on with
some work this afternoon because I do
have exams coming up in less than a
week's time like we should take the
whole day off but I think it is good to
take a few hours off every now and again
so I don't get stressed I have come with
my parents to the roost okay so I am
back to work
yay my parents have gone home and now I
am faced with this I'm just going over
at the maths revision lecture notes
because it's a really good summary of
like the whole of Lent term so if I go
over that I should know everything there
is to know I've done a few math papers
and I've realized there's a few holes in
my knowledge that are holding me back
from getting marks but if I just if I
knew something it would help funny that
how it is it is this burn you do it L is
brought me pineapple that makes me happy
and I'm putting off working a pit bull
in a great day very productive first
moon taking Ella's outfit yeah you think
well cool oh cool oh cool and then and
we see my outfit matching what oh my god
and oh snap C's hey hey so I just got
back from the library doesn't pause
paper I'm feeling better about today and
not having done too much working a day
because I've made it up this evening
yeah the pain this evening has been the
fact that there's been this fair on the
midsummer comin which is like over there
somewhere and it just has been making so
much noise cuz you could hear it quite
cleared for my room I was like well
let's go to the library and it'll be
quieter there because libraries further
away and then I went to the library and
nope nope you can still hear pretty
clearly from the library like for me
because I just I don't I like silence
when working it's just just a bit more
hack it really so I mean if this past
paper I did went badly that's what I'm
gonna put it down to it's totally not
like I don't know like any mass at all
right hello sir it is Sunday morning and
sun is shining so I'm my sunny weather
gear and I'm sitting inside do pink one
ah it's fine I haven't got that much
number of this eye exams will be over
soon so it's all good I have actually
already been up this morning I got up
and I did some math just to tie up what
I was doing last night and now I'm
moving on to chemistry for the rest of
the day well until five o'clock my
chemistry supervisor will mark any work
that's handed in before five o'clock and
all just like revision questions I've
been given I'm just gonna do as many as
I can get through today and hand in what
I've done and then we'll go from
[Music]
okay so the update is I'm sitting here
eating fudge this was a present from my
family from when they went on holiday to
the Lake District the bad news at the
minute is that our water has just gone
off I know it's gone often ever everyone
in my staircase and in the staircase
next door if I'm presuming is just
affected the whole block but and the
porters have said it's like some sort of
massive leak so I hope they fix it kind
of soonish because I don't want to go
too long without running water okay so
it's now nearly 20 past 10:00 and I'm
thinking I probably I'm gonna head to
bed soon because I've done a fair bit of
work today and I want to be fresh
tomorrow I've got to supervisions to put
in long said everything else I've just
got to check if the water is working
what are the odds my bets all no but
okay let's give it a try it's the moment
of truth
[Music]
are they being serious right now
the water broom working that was what
was left in there from before I think
I've trickled the rest of the remaining
stuff out do you know what we're gonna
work for a lil bit longer and pray the
waiter would come back on in that time
okay okay which I can go again
it's excellent news how awful it's been
how awful morning
excuse hander King I couldn't you wanted
to dry my hair or like just to make
myself look presentable at all this
morning because I just want to get on
with a past paper what I'm doing I'm
doing physics one
[Music]
I'm going to bed and much earlier than
usual it is well it's like quarter to 11
which is early for me I guess Eve this
evening because I feel working all day I
took the evening off and watched the
first episode of love island because I
admit I'm an addict judge me you like a
love island is a great TV show I know
I'm gonna be hit with summer I've just
decided now that it's finished please go
to bed
I'd get solid night's sleep so I'm ready
for revision tomorrow I know I shouldn't
stress cuz it's actually only first year
I don't know I don't know if I've said
how the system works but we get a grade
for first year a grade for second year
and a grade for third year in Natural
Sciences it tends to be the your second
and especially your third year result
that you quotas you've got in your
degree like first year doesn't really
like it counts but you don't ever get
overall grade you just get separate
grades for each year at the end of the
day I just need to pass that's all that
matters really and I'd like to think I
could do that
so but obviously in the past I'm used to
doing well in exams because I work hard
and hard work pays off
but here because everyone is extremely
bright it's it's hard to do as well
because there are results they're doing
like a bell curve so there's always
gonna be people who get thirds I don't
think it would be too hard to be in that
lower percentage of people here just cuz
everyone here is crazy
clever I'm just gonna do the best I can
and that's not telling myself and then
just forget all about it for someone
have a great summer that's the plan
okay so I am ready to go to formal for
who I'm you may be thinking but page you
have exams in two days time and yes I do
and yet I still decided to go to formal
I mean okay I've got to relax I've got
to have some fun
sometimes guys okay and if we all fail
we all know why and you can tell me I
told you so but until then ya know it's
Henry's birthday today so a lot of us
from the staircase and Henry's other
friends are all going too formal so
it'll be really nice
I think everyone's meeting in like just
over five minutes time because I'm early
for once like what is this page out up
early I'm usually like the last one
ready the food is actually great at
formal I don't even know what's on the
menu this evening but uh I'll show you
when we're there I hope it's something
good cuz I'm so hungry I've hardly eaten
anything all day
I've just been snacking I've been living
at my desk here is the remains of my
revision it's been it's been fun
tomorrow we go on go into full-on exam
mode because it's the day before an exam
and that means like get in the zone of
the subject that's the next day tomorrow
morning it's gonna be like me realizing
oh wait ha exam for the next day oh no
and here is what I am worried I've got
my play suit on please let me take the
more summery because the weather has
suddenly taken a turn for the better
let's see my gown trademark normal shoes
was good for these I'm a face you see
the blue under my eyes I've been really
bold
I never go bold I've put blue under my
eyes and I'm not sure whether it works
I've done anyway ice feeling really
likes summer vibes you know I blue and
peaches you know it's well ready for
today we'll just be cambridge time on
this before you know
it's already on time yeah it was yeah
well there's more late he has an excuse
I was literally in a super vision the
menu tonight is amazing you've got
chicken at the Maine and chocolate
truffle a tour d'azyr which is amazing
I'm so excited chicken and chocolate
torte a thumbs up from me
[Music]
the new Jesus will admit I like Duffy
sighs were being treated today it's
really exciting
sneaky creep of the chocolate talk don't
tell the butler I had my phone out we
are friends again but we're allowed to
usually opens up and we can like
champion and we're just waiting for
thank you all for coming to this my
birthday formal I'd like to thank
everyone who's come and especially those
who got the best part of the cake it was
very tasty
[Music]
and we all went to the college bar after
formal and it was a very fun time here
and we're back to it coming back for a
night out oh that was nice just imagine
me week me do anything like that all the
time you know it was a lovely meal went
to J bar afterwards and had a few nice
chats and yeah Henry I hope you had a
good birthday um now I'm gonna go to bed
it is past 11:00 so yeah that's it for
this week my last week you preparing for
exams thank you for watching please do
like and subscribe if you enjoyed and I
will see you soon with another book bye
bye
[Music]